Better highlight Managed Services (#621)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/additional-services/postgresql.md

PostgreSQL®
===========

!!! elastisys "For Elastisys Managed Services Customers"

    You can order Managed PostgreSQL® by filing a [service ticket](https://elastisys.atlassian.net/a). Here are the highlights:

    * **Business continuity**:
        * Standard Plan is configured with two replicas (one primary and one standby).
        * Premium Plan is configured with three replicas (one primary and two standby-s).
    * **Disaster recovery**:
        * Backup scope includes user definitions, data definitions, and the data per-se.

>         * A full backup is taken every day between 0:00 am and 6:00 am CET. The backup retention period is 30 days unless otherwise requested by the customer.
>         * Point-in-Time Recovery (PITR) is provided for the last 7 days with a recovery point objective of 5 minutes.

Reviewer: Perhaps
```suggestion
        * A logical backup of the database cluster is taken every day between 0:00 am and 6:00 am CET. The backup retention period is 30 days unless otherwise requested by the customer.
        * A physical backup of the database cluster is taken every day between 0:00 am and 6:00 am CET. The backup retention period is 7 days unless otherwise requested by the customer. Point-in-Time Recovery (PITR) is provided within the retention period with a recovery point objective of 5 minutes.
```

Author: I copy-pasted the text from our ToS. If we want to give this amount of details, we should do it in the ToS first.

Let's go with "less is more" this time? :smile:
